se.txt - sound effects
----------------------

This directory stores all the sound effects used in the game. If a sound
effect's file is missing, then that sound effect will not be played. The
supported formats are:

	.wav, .ogg, .mp3

Any mix of formats can be used, and the formats are tried in the order listed
above.

A summary of the sound effects used in game are as follows:

block1		: this sounds when a block is placed. (These block sounds cycle around)
block2		: this sounds when a block is placed.
block3		: this sounds when a block is placed.
block4		: this sounds when a block is placed.
block5		: this sounds when a block is placed.
block6		: this sounds when a block is placed.
block7		: this sounds when a block is placed.
erase1		: this sounds when you erase 1 line.
erase2		: this sounds when you erase 2 lines.
erase3		: this sounds when you erase 3 lines.
erase4		: this sounds when you erase 4 lines.
applause	: this sounds when you erase 4 lines(HEBORIS!).
ace_sonic_lock	: this sounds when you use sonic-lock by "ACE-SRS","ACE-ARS","ACE-ARS2" or "DS-WORLD".
cheer		: this sounds when you erase line by combo from "HEBORIS!" or Back-to-Back.
cool 		: this sounds when your grade is up in GRADE TYPE-4.
gameover	: this sounds when your game is over.
gm		: this sounds when you clear the game.
gon		: this sounds when blocks fall after line clear.
hanabi		: fireworks
hold		: this sounds when you use IHS(hold).
hurryup		: time limits warning in TOMOYO,ACE, and MISSION mode.
kachi		: this sounds when your block is locked.
kon		: this sounds when the block is soft-dropped.
levelup		: this sounds when you passed a section.
lvstop		: this sounds when your level reached to *99.
pinch		: this sounds when your playfield is in danger.
rankup		: this sounds when your grade is up.
rotate		: rotate sound
shaki		: this sounds when you use IRS.
stgstar		: some of shooting stars.
stageclear	: stage clear in TOMOYO mode
timeover	: time over in TOMOYO,ACE, and MISSION mode.
platinaerase	: this sounds when you erased "Cube blocks" in TOMOYO mode.
timeextend	: Time Extend bonus in TOMOYO mode.
tspin		: this sounds when you succeed T-SPIN.
ttclear		: this sounds when your level is counter-stopped.
levelup		: level up
up		: rise
missionclr	: this sounds when you comleted missions in MISSION mode.
regret		: this sounds when your grade is down.
thunder		: this sounds when you are attacked by thunder.
cool		: this sounds when your grade is up on "#4"mode.
warning		: this sounds when you are item attacked by opponent.
timestop	: this sounds when you are attacked by TIME STOP.
welcome		: this sounds when program has started compiling script data.
ready		: pre-game commentator saying "ready".
go		: pre-game commentator saying "go".
